The permission to come to this country came and it was all very secret and very confidential.
So my father decided that we shall leave from a particular station in Prague in the afternoon
and even still to work in the morning.
So in the afternoon we came to the station, we took the train to Munich.
In Munich we waited for the train which took us to Holland and we went to the Hook of Holland.
And I was very happy when we crossed the border of Germany and Holland and we came to Holland,
we came to the Hook of Holland, we boarded the ship and we went to Harich.
And on the ship there were little children, English children, who spoke English perfectly.
And I was wondering how it's possible that such little children could speak English so
well, whereas I couldn't speak a word of English.
Anyway, we came to Harich, we took the train to Liverpool Street Station in London,
and then from there we went to my uncle where we stayed with him
for about three weeks till father started and established the factory.